README.md, before:

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 hello-rails-front-end](#-hello-react-front-end)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [Back-End-Link](#back-end-link)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 hello-react-front-end

**The hello-react-front-end** is a mobile web application where user can fetch the greetings.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
- ✅ Ruby on Rails - Api
- ✅ Postgresql
- ✅ Linters
- ✅ React

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Language</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>React</li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- 🔰 **Splash Welcome page**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Back-End-Link

The back-end repo is available [here](https://github.com/omwomo/hello-rails-back-end)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

**To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.**

1. Download or clone this [repostory](git@github.com:omwomo/hello-react-front-end.git).
2. Provide a modern web browser.

### Prerequisites

**In order to run this project you need:**

- ✔ Ruby installed in your machine. you can download it from [here](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/)
- ✔ IDE or a code editor installed in your machine.
- ✔ IRB.
- ✔ Get Postgresql up and running. you can download it from [here](https://www.postgresql.org/download/windows/).
- ✔ [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed in your machine.
- ✔ Sign in or sign up to your [Github](https://github.com/) account.
- ✔ A professional editer such as [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download).
- ✔ An Updated web browser such as Google Chrome, you can download it from [here](https://www.google.com/chrome/).

### Setup

- Clone this [repository](git@github.com:omwomo/hello-react-front-end.git) to your desired folder:

- Run this command in your command line interface:

```sh
  cd [YOUR FOLDER]
  git git@github.com:omwomo/hello-react-front-end.git
  cd hello-react-front-end

```

- Update the database.yml with your database credentials under the development section


### Usage

- To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
   npm start
```

### Deployment

**This project is deployed by the author, no permission for deployment by any other client.**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Eugene Oduor**

- GitHub: [@omwomo](https://github.com/omwomo)
- LinkedIn: [@omwomo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/omwomo/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Add info about each category**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/omwomo/hello-react-front-end/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, kindly drop a start ⭐️ for the [repository](git@github.com:omwomo/hello-react-front-end-.git);

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to **Microvere** for the invaluable learning experience they have provided.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Included pull-request with changes in the readme link

README.md, after:

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#-table-of-contents)
- [📖 hello-rails-front-end](#-hello-react-front-end)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#-built-with-)
    - [Tech Stack ](#tech-stack-)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features-)
  - [Back-End-Link](#back-end-link)
  - [💻 Getting Started ](#-getting-started-)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [👥 Authors ](#-authors-)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#-future-features-)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#-contributing-)
  - [⭐️ Show your support ](#️-show-your-support-)
  - [🙏 Acknowledgments ](#-acknowledgments-)
  - [📝 License ](#-license-)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 hello-react-front-end

**The hello-react-front-end** is a mobile web application where user can fetch the greetings.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
- ✅ Ruby on Rails - Api
- ✅ Postgresql
- ✅ Linters
- ✅ React

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Language</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>React</li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- 🔰 **Splash Welcome page**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Back-End-Link

The back-end repo is available [here](https://github.com/omwomo/hello-rails-back-end)

## Pull-Request-Link
The pull request with changes is available [here](https://github.com/Omwomo/hello-react-front-end/pull/1)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

**To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.**

1. Download or clone this [repostory](git@github.com:omwomo/hello-react-front-end.git).
2. Provide a modern web browser.

### Prerequisites

**In order to run this project you need:**

- ✔ Ruby installed in your machine. you can download it from [here](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/)
- ✔ IDE or a code editor installed in your machine.
- ✔ IRB.
- ✔ Get Postgresql up and running. you can download it from [here](https://www.postgresql.org/download/windows/).
- ✔ [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed in your machine.
- ✔ Sign in or sign up to your [Github](https://github.com/) account.
- ✔ A professional editer such as [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download).
- ✔ An Updated web browser such as Google Chrome, you can download it from [here](https://www.google.com/chrome/).

### Setup

- Clone this [repository](git@github.com:omwomo/hello-react-front-end.git) to your desired folder:

- Run this command in your command line interface:

```sh
  cd [YOUR FOLDER]
  git git@github.com:omwomo/hello-react-front-end.git
  cd hello-react-front-end

```

- Update the database.yml with your database credentials under the development section


### Usage

- To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
   npm start
```

### Deployment

**This project is deployed by the author, no permission for deployment by any other client.**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Eugene Oduor**

- GitHub: [@omwomo](https://github.com/omwomo)
- LinkedIn: [@omwomo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/omwomo/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- **Add info about each category**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/omwomo/hello-react-front-end/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, kindly drop a start ⭐️ for the [repository](git@github.com:omwomo/hello-react-front-end-.git);

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to **Microvere** for the invaluable learning experience they have provided.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
